ARM64 feature changelog (#1279)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 2.6.5 （Under development）

### App Center

> * **[Feature]** Support ARM64 architecture.

Reviewer: We must mention that minimal versions have been changed

Author: Fixed

> * **[Feature]** Support ARM64 architecture. .Net Framework updated to 4.6.1. Microsoft.NETCore.UniversalWindowsPlatform updated to 6.2.8. UWP min version updated to 10.0.16299.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Support ARM64 architecture for UWP platform.
* **[Breaking change]** Bump minimal versions: .NET Framework to 4.6.1 for WPF projects and minimal OS version to 16299 for UWP projects.
```

## Version 2.6.5 （Under development）

### App Center

* **[Feature]** Support ARM64 architecture for UWP platform.

> * **[Breaking change]** Bump minimal versions: .NET Framework to 4.6.1 for WPF projects and minimal OS version to 16299 for UWP projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Breaking change]** Bump minimal versions: .NET Framework to 4.6.1 for WPF/WinForms projects and minimal OS version to 16299 for UWP projects.
```
